bpo-42830: Update the documentation for tempfile.mkstemp (#27075)
python/cpython: Doc/library/tempfile.rst

   by child processes.

   Unlike :func:`TemporaryFile`, the user of :func:`mkstemp` is responsible

>    for deleting the temporary file when done with it.If a large number of file

Reviewer: Please add a space after period.
```suggestion
   for deleting the temporary file when done with it. If a large number of file
```

Reviewer 2: Only I am going to comment, using handle tends to confuse, to say so. I think this should be avoided rather than used in Python, again just a comment, I love CPython compilations, I have my own repo, and it is one of the best languages I have come across taking, C and C++ too, but seeing this go in binary mode, is why I decided to go this route rather than interpreter.

Reviewer 2: I have seen many programs in Python with C and/or C++ mixed.

Reviewer 2: And most of this programs are the ones that weigh less, optimized even in threads. The kind of coding that has gone away everything must be fast...

>    descriptors are created, your program may run into a per-process limit and crash.

Reviewer: I think we shouldn't say "and crash" because it implies a hard crash, but on OS X an OSError is raised instead, and I'm fairly sure on Linux as well; on Windows I'm not quite sure but from what I was able to find, Windows has a much higher handle limit, so this warning more or less isn't needed for Windows.

Now that I think of it, it may be good to add something about OSError being raised (because users might want to catch it if they want to keep many FDs around potentially but want to do a graceful exit if the limit is hit), but then we need to test it on a Unix system. Srinivas, if you have access to a unix system, can you test that? If not, we can ask somebody on issue tracker or on the IRC channel.

I tested like so, after checking `ulimit -n`, -- `for x in range(300): tempfile.mkstemp()` # OSError.

Author: Mine is OSX, and I do not have access to Unix.

Reviewer: I've confirmed (on the issue page) that OSError happens in Linux as well.

>    descriptors are created, your program may run into a per-process limit and crash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   descriptors are created, your program may run into a per-process limit and raise an :exc:`OSError`.
```

>    You can avoid this issue by closing file descriptors with :func:`os.close`.

Reviewer 3: I would just say something like "the user of :func:`mskstemp` is responsible for deleting the temporary file and closing the file descriptor". Lots of things can cause you to run out of FDs, this isn't the place to describe the exact behavior.

Reviewer 4: I agree.
